Shailesh Haribhakti Tessarect for the Abundantly intelligent service company.

Chapter One:

Preparing for the Indian School Certificate exam which in 1971 was offered by Cambridge University. Chose Accounting, Mathematics, Commerce, Geography, English Language, Literature and Hindi. Maxed every subject by sheer dint of hard work. Every subject mastered from prescribed texts, practiced around twenty past exams and during the month long examination being so relaxed and well prepared that could watch 5 movies. Stood First in India with a 5-points performance and became a National Scholar at age 16. Offered a Scholarship by Cambridge University but instead joined Sydenham College. 
Key lessons: Work Hard! Practice relentlessly and be relaxed enough to be a great examinee always. Lessons practiced throughout life till 70 today!

Broke my Right thumb during Intermediate exams of Bombay University ( Mumbai today) . Wrote the first few exams using a  writer to whom I dictated my answers. Passed with 85% in Accounting, and a near top of the college performance. Next joined Lala Lajpatrai College where morning classes were offered. Led the Students Union at Sydenham as  General Secretary. Led non striking and demonstration of support by wearing black bands, participated actively in Teacher evaluation and topped all debates and elocution competitions as was a Nazareth Speakers Academy product. Passed Lala Lajpatrai as near top student.

Key lessons: Diversify interests( was a Sitar player and Bollywood-Mukesh songs singer). Serve the student and wider community and keep excelling widely! Key skills : empathy, love for fellow humans, respect for family, respect for authority, and deep reading of philosophy. Massive friend circle development! 

Plunged into CA articlshio at age 18 after passing an ICAI Entrance exam with ease. Ranks at ICAI and ICWA exams throughout and studies completed and two professional qualifications by age 22. Already married at 21- wife Amita brought me great luck as I passed all key exams after marriage. Her support and understanding were of paramount importance to me. Was gifted our first child Sejal, at age 23 and in 1979 left for USA to join Arthur Young &Co.
Lessons learnt:
Curiosity, wonder at solving everything, the value of mastery, the joy of relationships and the joining of dots using heightened pattern recognition. Skills I use today as an inherent DNA. 

Topped the entrance batch in a competitive  Chicago Office of AY, was assigned to the McDonald’s Audit for 1979, participated in ABC, John Morell and other Audits and spent four weeks near Washington DC integrating manual an Technology Audits. Was done by 3rd quarter1980 and returned to India:
Lessons learnt:
Be an entrepreneur not a job seeker, innovate aggressively, be confident, bold and humble. Again lessons that were critical in creating India’s first Agentic AI led Service Company.
